DOCS-132 Introduce Quickstart Tutorial for Enterprise Features (#291)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/getting-started/pages/persistence.adoc

+
[source,shell]
----
docker run \
    --network hazelcast-network \
    -p 8080:8080 hazelcast/management-center:latest-snapshot
----
. In a web browser, go to localhost:8080 and enable Dev Mode.
+
image:mc-dev-mode.png[Enabling dev mode in Management center]
. You will see a **Connect** box on the screen; click on it and enter your cluster's name (`hello-world`) and IP addresses/ports of three members.
+
image:connect-cluster.png[Connecting Management Center to the cluster]
. Once you click on the **Connect** button, you should see that the cluster is in an active state and has three members.
+
image:cluster-connected.png[Management Center is now connected to the cluster]
. Click on **View Cluster** and go to **Storage > Maps**. You can confirm that the map you've created in Step 3 has data with three entries.
+
image:cluster-maps.png[Map listing]
. As an optional step, if you want to see the details of `mydistributedmap`, click on it on the screen shown above and check the "Map Statistics" box.
+
image:map-details.png[Map details]

== Step 5. Shut Down the Cluster

Now, you'll shut down the whole cluster using Management Center.

> . While in Management Center, go to **Cluster > Administration**, and select the **Cluster State** tab. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. While in Management Center, go to **Cluster** > **Administration**, and select the **Cluster State** tab. 
```

+
image:cluster-state.png[Shutting down the cluster]
. Click on the **Shutdown** button and confirm it on the dialog shown afterwards.

Management Center now shows that it is disconnected from the cluster. You can also confirm
this by checking the terminals where you started the members; they are now exited to the shell, meaning all the members are gone.

== Step 6. Restart the Cluster

Restart the cluster by starting all the members; run the commands in Step 1 and Step 2 above.

== Step 7. Check the Map Data

Once all the members are started, go to Management Center, and you can see that it reconnects to the cluster.
Check your map as instructed in Step 4 above; you will see the map and its data has been recovered.
If the persistence was not enabled, the data would be lost in case of a cluster shutdown. 

> 

Reviewer: This page is missing 'Next Steps'. Each tutorial should follow on from another.

> = Persist Data on Disk

Reviewer: The titles of these tutorials should also include key words - for this one, for example, perhaps we use 'persist-map-data.adoc'

> :description: This tutorial guides you on enabling persistence in your cluster.

Reviewer: I would make the first paragraph this description.

Reviewer: The description should tell readers why they would want to complete the tutorial.

> {description} Data in Hazelcast is usually stored in-memory (RAM) which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{description} Map entries in Hazelcast is usually stored in-memory (RAM) which
```

> makes it volatile; means that data is lost when too many members or the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
makes it volatile, so any data in the map is lost when either too many members fail or the whole
```

cluster is shut down. To recover data when the cluster is restarted, you
can use Hazelcast's Persistence feature to persist data on disk.

In this tutorial, you will:

> . Start a Hazelcast Enterprise cluster with three members for which persistence is enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Start a Hazelcast Enterprise cluster with three members and Persistence enabled.
```

> . Create a map with data in it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create a map with data in it.
```

> . Shut down the cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Shut down the whole cluster to simulate a graceful shutdown, such as for maintenance purposes.
```

> . Restart the cluster and see the persistence feature in action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Restart the cluster and see that the map entries are restored from disk and put back in memory.
```

== Before You Begin

To complete this tutorial, you need the following:

[cols="1a,1a"]
|===
|Prerequisites|Useful resources

|Trial license
|https://trialrequest.hazelcast.com/[Hazelcast website]

|Docker image for the full Hazelcast distribution
|xref:get-started-enterprise.adoc[Install Hazelcast Enterprise]

|Docker network with the name `hazelcast-network`
|Use the `docker network create hazelcast-network` command 

|===

== Step 1. Start a Member with Persistence Enabled

You'll start the first member in a cluster called `hello-world`. Run the following Docker command:

[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
----
docker run \
    --name first-member --network hazelcast-network \
    --rm \
    -e HZ_CLUSTERNAME=hello-world \

>     -e HZ_LICENSEKEY=<your license key> \ <1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -e HZ_LICENSEKEY=<your license key> \<1>
```

These spaces seem to cause errors with Docker. I get `invalid reference format`.

>     -e HZ_PERSISTENCE_ENABLED=true \ <2>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -e HZ_PERSISTENCE_ENABLED=true \<2>
```

>     -e HZ_MAP_MYDISTRIBUTEDMAP_DATAPERSISTENCE_ENABLED=true \ <3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -e HZ_MAP_MYDISTRIBUTEDMAP_DATAPERSISTENCE_ENABLED=true \<3>
```

+
image:map-details.png[Map details]

== Step 5. Shut Down the Cluster

Now, you'll shut down the whole cluster using Management Center.

. While in Management Center, go to **Cluster** > **Administration**, and select the **Cluster State** tab. 
+
image:cluster-state.png[Shutting down the cluster]
. Click on the **Shutdown** button and confirm it on the dialog shown afterwards.

Management Center now shows that it is disconnected from the cluster. You can also confirm
this by checking the terminals where you started the members; they are now exited to the shell, meaning all the members are gone.

== Step 6. Restart the Cluster

Restart the cluster by starting all the members; run the commands in Step 1 and Step 2 above.

== Step 7. Check the Map Data

Once all the members are started, go to Management Center, and you can see that it reconnects to the cluster.
Check your map as instructed in Step 4 above; you will see the map and its data has been recovered.
If the persistence was not enabled, the data would be lost in case of a cluster shutdown. 

== Step 8. Shut Down the Cluster

> Shut down the cluster you've created in this tutorial so that you can start a fresh one when you

Reviewer: I would also add some information about deleting the `persist` directory that was used to persist data on the host device.

= Persist Map Entries on Disk
:description: This tutorial introduces you to Hazelcast with Persistence enabled. At the end of this tutorial, you'll know how to enable Persistence for a map in your cluster and see the recovery of the map entries after a cluster shutdown.

> {description} Map entries in Hazelcast are usually stored in-memory (RAM) which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{description}

Map entries in Hazelcast are usually stored in-memory (RAM) which
```

It is a best practice to provide the configuration for a data structure, in this case a map, before it is created.
This way, the map will have the already-provided configuration when it is created, which you'll perform in Step 3 below.

Your first member is started now, you can see from its terminal logs that persistence is enabled:

[source,shell,subs="+quotes,attributes+"]
----
[ INFO] [main] [c.h.i.c.o.ExternalConfigurationOverride]: Detected external configuration entries in environment variables: [*hazelcast.persistence.enabled=true*,hazelcast.clustername=hello-world,hazelcast.licensekey=******,hazelcast.map.mydistributedmap.datapersistence.enabled=true]
[ INFO] [main] [c.h.i.h.HotRestartIntegrationService]: [LOCAL] [hello-world] [{full-version}] Created new empty hot-restart directory: /opt/hazelcast/persistence/611ffa80-b653-44b9-8cf1-f9ffa5bfa1cb
[ INFO] [main] [c.h.s.logo]: [172.18.0.2]:5701 [hello-world] [{full-version}]
----

== Step 2. Start More Members

Run each of the following Docker commands in a separate terminal. Replace the `<your license key>` placeholders with your Hazelcast Enterprise license key.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Command to start a second member.
```

[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
----
docker run \
    --name second-member --network hazelcast-network \
    --rm \
    -e HZ_CLUSTERNAME=hello-world \
    -e HZ_LICENSEKEY=<your license key> \
    -e HZ_PERSISTENCE_ENABLED=true \
    -e HZ_MAP_MYDISTRIBUTEDMAP_DATAPERSISTENCE_ENABLED=true \
    -v ~/persist:/opt/hazelcast/persistence \
    -p 5702:5701 hazelcast/hazelcast-enterprise:{full-version}
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.Command to start a third member.

```
